[12.0] Add shopinvader_product_variant_selector (#519)
shopinvader/odoo-shopinvader: shopinvader_product_variant_selector/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

                    "available": True,
                },
                {
                    "name": "Black",
                    "sku": "Poster-Black-70x50cm",
                    "selected": False,
                    "available": True,
                },
                {
                    "name": "Grey",
                    "sku": "Poster-Grey-70x50cm",
                    "selected": False,
                    "available": True,
                },

            ],
        },
        {
            "name": "Poster Size",
            "values": [
                {
                    "name": "45x30cm",
                    "sku": "",
                    "selected": False,
                    "available": False,
                },
                {
                    "name": "70x50cm",
                    "sku": "Poster-White-70x50cm",
                    "selected": True,
                    "available": True,
                },
                {
                    "name": "90x60cm",
                    "sku": "Poster-White-90x60cm",
                    "selected": False,
                    "available": True,
                },
            ],
        },
    ],

> Undertanding the way to select attribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Understanding the way to select attributes
```

------------------------------------------------

> It's also important to understand how variant are selected and how attribute value are filtered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's also important to understand how variants are selected and how attributes' values are filtered.
```

> Imaging a case where you have a child shoes with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine a case where you have shoes with
```

- 6 sizes: 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20
- 3 colors: Green, Red, Yellow

> It's a special shoes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and some exceptions:
```

> - Green exist in size: 18, 19

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Green is available in size: 18, 19
```

> - Red exist in size: 15, 16, 17

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Red is available in size: 15, 16, 17
```

> - Yellow exist in size: 18, 19, 20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Yellow is available in size: 18, 19, 20
```

> In your ERP you have configured to select is the size then the color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your ERP you have configured to select first the size then the color.
```

> And the default variant is the first "Green 18"

Reviewer: TODO: explain how you configure the order and the default variant

Step 1 : You go to the page of your product.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You will have:

.. code-block:: python

    size : 15, 16, 17, [18], 19, 20
    color : [Green], (Red), Yellow

    [] mean selected
    () mean not available

Only the color Green and Yellow are available because the size 18 is selected.

Step 2: Now you select the color Yellow
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You will have:

.. code-block:: python

    size : 15, 16, 17, [18], 19, 20
    color : Green, (Red), [Yellow]

> Even if you select the color Yellow the size are now filetered because the second filter can not filter the first one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even if you select the color Yellow the size are now filtered because the second filter cannot affect the first one.
```

Step 3: Now you select the size 16
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

As only the Red color is available for this size you are redirected to the Red shoes and you have

.. code-block:: python

    size : 15, [16], 17, 18, 19, 20
    color : (Green), [Red], (Yellow)

Why not trying to filter the size when changing the color?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Because if we do this if you select the size 16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowing this would mean that if you select the size 16 you will have something like this:
```

> Then you will have this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. code-block:: python

    size : 15, [16], 17, (18), (19), (20)
    color : (Green), [Red], (Yellow)

> And you will be locked in this situation without any possibility to select the Yellow shoes with size 19. There is an order for filling/selected the value of each option and selecting a value should only impact the next attribute not the previous one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you will be locked in this situation without any possibility to select the Yellow shoes with size 19. There is an order for filling/selecting the value of each options and selecting a value should only impact the next attribute not the previous one.
```
